have to be sung in the style of Asha hit
it one time this one goes out to my
girls Scotland
listen up I've got something to say stop
and don't leave me no chance before you
walk away stop them to leave me let's
have a moment let's have it out Scotland
don't leave me let's be honest let's
have it I have stopped them to leave me
we've been together since the 13th
century I'm really sorry that it started
quite rape early we had a trial
separation devolution now you're making
like that notion is a final solution my
love is worth there let's not let it
spoil baby girl I love is worth more
than North Sea oil I'm saying lover come
on take my call I'm saying baby don't
build another Hadrian's Wall and you're
not perfect
in fact you're quite the opposite it's
nothing cheap paying for your drinking
habit
you keep saying you've been more of me
than I on you but that's because you
forget after all the booze and I put up
with
deep frying all my life sometimes I feel
like I'm just your battered wife I don't
take abuse you won't stop going on about
Robert the Bruce no I'm sorry I went too
far
Scott don't leave me
you know I need you need me to Scotland
to me me cuz I can't bring up little
Wales without you
we gotta wanna be the next North and
South Korea Northumberland
you know you need me just say it stop
them don't leave me and even though you
didn't will learn Gaelic alberni 5 me
thank you